I'm going to do it. Hey Alex. Hey guys. Happy Nan. How are we doing? Good. How are you guys doing? Good. Good. Good. Good. Thanks. Pleasure to meet you all. Into Alex. Where do you hail from? I'm in Duluth, Georgia. Duluth. Yep. About 40 minutes north, northeast of Atlanta. Okay. Where's the, where does the Appalachian Trail run through close to? About an hour north. Now or north. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, big portion of that trail in college. Great. But I couldn't remember where we started. I just knew it was somewhere in Georgia. Yeah. Yeah. It starts in North Georgia. So that's probably where you say it. Very cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm from Michigan. Okay. Great. Yeah. Yeah. I've lived in Colorado. I've lived in Texas. But America's high five has my heart. Awesome. Awesome. I do try to get down to Austin, Texas is often as I can. Great. How about you, Jeffrey? I miss you again as well. Yes. I left for a very long time. And then home came calling. And then back in Michigan for about a year or so. Great. Awesome. Wonderful. Awesome. Hey, look, I'm a little bullied. He was in Australia when he was gone. He was he was on the beaches and he's coastal Australia. Very nice. It wasn't bad. Down under for five years. It was all right. Sounds all right. It didn't suck. It's so good. That's me, John. You two, man. Hey, that did you have a great thank you. Of course. Yeah. Happy help. Yeah, I'll be. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I have it. I have some of you introduced everybody. Yeah. We're we're getting there. Yeah. I think it's happening organically. I think Aubrey's the last one. I'm mine. Cool. Yeah. Aubrey's our data lead. I'm our AI leads. Alex's are. Sorry. I just said the real. I'll resort. I T lead. Alex's are data lead. I'm our AI lead mouse. And who's handling a lot of the sale portion right now? Theoretically, I am also our sales lead. Okay. So yeah, but the idea of I'm a software engineer by training. Sure. And I just kind of found myself doing sales work because we need it. So I'm a client. So as you do. And you know, Alex and I have worked a lot on sales together. And I have worked a lot on sales together. I'm a results in all thoughts and sales things. So you know, it's certainly like an all hands effort. But yeah, one of the reasons that we're excited about potentially working together is that, like, I can model by and, you know, we've gotten with our collective sales abilities to where we are currently, which is, you know, like fine. We can be the bills, but I think that it's going to be. But there are experts out there. You know, people who are really good at the stuff. And so it would be fantastic to like, you know, rely on somebody who really knows what they're doing. And exactly the same way that like some of our clients could scrape by on AI things and maybe figure it out and like work, make it work, or they could just hire us and we'll knock it out apart. So, you know, I think that it's. Yeah, when Miles was like, I found somebody who, you know, might be able to like take some of that burden on. I was like, oh shit, because, you know, if I'm not having to split my attention, I think that would be a really big win both for our clients and then also for our sales engine because, all sudden, it can have somebody's dedicated time and focus. Well, I mean, I don't want to be that guy, but kudos to y'all right now for being in the position you're in with no sales team. I mean, it's impressive. Jans like it's really, really well done good for y'all. That's really cool. Appreciate it. Thank you. We're doing it. Oh, okay. Kudos, man. Kudos. Give it go ahead Alex. Give us some context. You want to, you want to give me context. Give me some context. Oh, we just have a saying. It's we out here learning and, you know, we've been out here learning real damn hard for many years. So that's all that's all I was thinking. But appreciate the kind words. Yeah. I'm for sure, man. It's yeah. Well, I met Miles in Las Vegas. I give you a little rundown of myself and Jeffrey. Jeffrey's actually my brother-in-law. I married his sister and we just been really great friends ever since I hit the family. Actually, it took him a while to warm up to me, but I got him. I got him there. Yeah, we work really well together and we both worked in an AI company. That company was called Noble, which is a lot of conversational AI. While we were in that company, I was an AE. Jeffrey was my BDR and we were able to really crush some opportunities for people, particularly nailing and landing their biggest client to date, which is one of the top 20 and the Fortune 500 list. That is all I can say based on our mutual agreement as we separate a time. One of the things that I was talking to Miles about is, although I'm one of those sales guys, it's like when it handed to me, I really love selling, but I was a pastor for 16 years. So for me, it's really important that both companies get the most out of the deal. A Fortune 500 company is not starving, so there's always more money to go get, which is always, you can sleep well at night if you get an extra $500,000 in that deal. It's going to be fine. They've got money. But at the same time, what can we give to them? That's a big deal to me as well. Making sure we're not selling them a flop or selling them something that doesn't exist. Which is what I see a lot of AI companies doing out there, not necessarily yours, not Noble for sure, but other AI companies are basically wrapping GBT up in a pretty bow and saying, hey, look, we have AI and it's like, no, you don't. So with that, Miles and I got chatting, and one of the things that I love to do is I love helping people set up for success. And that's kind of how we arrived here. Miles, fill in, if I'm missing anything. So we chatted on, we chatted just on Wednesday, and we were talking a little bit about what we do, and we like to set people up to find the best person for you. Because there are really a couple of different styles of sales guys. Some guys are more like what it gets to me. You can guarantee it's taking care of. That's more me. I'm going to take care of our customer to the end's degree, and we're going to close that deal no matter what. Of the five large corporations I was given, I close three of them in nine months or less. Which is stupid. That's unheard of speed, to be honest. But they were given to me. And then we had another guy who was just phenomenal. I don't know how he did it. But going out and finding the deals. Sounds to me like you need more of the ladder in your current structure, where you need someone that can go out and get those deals rolling. And then first, Miles is kind of communicated like an SDR. But I push back on him on Wednesday that you really want to set your sights a little higher. Largely because an SDR is, you know, I think about that person sitting in executive suite. They're going to be sweating. They'll never up them there before. You know, SDR is down here. BDR is next. Then you have like that sales manager. Then you have director sales. Then you have a kind of executive, right? That's kind of the flow of the sales pipeline. You probably want to be up in that sales manager, director sales account executive world. Because they're going to do two things for you. One, they're not going to be sweating with the executives. They're going to be able to talk to them and not, you know, pay their pants. And the second is they'll bring a network with them, which is actually what you're probably more interested in. Is finding a really good account executive that brings a network that he can, you know, you let that kind of executive poke holes and what you all are doing. It makes you better and makes that a kind of executive better and they go, they know exactly what to go sell. So again, depending on the target, you know, there's a wide range of what you can do, but it sounds to me like you're going after that Fortune 5 list. And some of those executives, you're going to want someone with a little experience. And that's how we arrived here. Miles, did I miss anything? No, I think you nailed it. I think just to kind of boil it down the three things that I feel like came to mind as far as where we got to. We'd be very interested in finding that person that you just described. It's, you know, number one. And then a secondary objective would be if you guys can come to Microsoft ignite or potentially, you know, any other conference in the future. And so having that kind of high octane sales team right there, huge. That could potentially just get a straight to our goal or getting a second whale. And then a sort of tertiary objective in my mind is getting your feedback on the sales systems that we're developing and the specific materials we're creating. Yeah, and to just respond to one of the things that you said, Brent. The our philosophy there is very much aligned in terms of we will straight up turn down a client if we don't think that we can genuinely help them like. We're here to create win win opportunities and like we've had conversations with clients where it's like, look, you could pay us like a giant pile of money to build you custom software or you could pay one 10 the cost and buy something off the shelf. And we would rather, you know, point you towards that off the shelf solution because that's going to serve your business better. And then, you know, like that, you know, builds up like that demonstrates our integrity. And then if there is a genuine situation down the road where actually the trade offs around building customs offer made sense at that point we can work together. So we're very much not in the business of selling vaporware or, you know, we take our responsibility to our clients seriously. So yeah, glad to hear the one the same page there. One other question that I have so like Miles was saying we're kind of interested in ignite we're still there's a question about whether we can get tickets. We it's currently sold out but we're we're talking to some folks and might be able to get some anyway. But I'm curious to hear your thoughts on on fences and trade shows as like a customer acquisition channel as opposed to other options. Yeah, I mean, we went to goodness gracious we went to eight different conferences in four different verticals. And at the end of the day, we had the most fruit in relational anybody we have relationship with or developed a relationship with that's where our sales work. So I think on the one hand it's really great to get out there in conferences you can spot you can certainly spend some money and sponsor and be on the front and I'm happy to present it for you, you know, you can present it and help people what you do. Which what usually gets people rolling but sometimes, well, most times there's like this there's a four part per there's four parts of sales. Okay, the first it's called Bant B and T have you all ever heard of this? I don't want to I don't want to hit a dead horse you know, okay, so the first is budget you got to figure out if the people have a budget. They don't have a budget it's a it's a warm lead until they got a budget right the next is authority. B a authority who's the decision maker and that's like the number probably the number one thing you got to figure out. Am I talking to the decision maker or do you have access to the decision maker or are we just kicking it because that's cool too. But I'm probably not going to get on every meeting you know what I'm saying then the end is a need can we actually solve what they're looking to do you know.  there is a solution opportunity for us to do that, which is like we would try to figure that out up front. And then the T is, is it time bound? You know, what's your timeline? Because if you want to do this in four years, call us in three years, right? But if you want to do this in four months, then we need to be talking every week, probably twice a week. Right. Like that's fair, right? Because you just, we're going to build something for you. We're going to need access to your team, things like that. So when you're talking about all that, a lot of times it's the A that you have trouble with at certain conferences. So you really want to align with the right conference. That makes sense. Yeah. So you're looking for the, the A part of when I go to a conference, I look at the list of people who are going to be there. And when you're looking at, you know, directors, VPs, presidents, CEOs, COOs, I was like, okay, we're in the right spot. When you're looking at managers, you know, even senior managers can get some stuff done, but it can't always get a lot of stuff that might be going to just showcase what's out there. And in which case, we want to turn that into a marketing tool. So you spend the money to go get the video to go put it up on your LinkedIn versus it's not really, it's not really a gag, you know, you're really not going to acquire a customer through that one, you know. But again, if you do a conference, it's all about relationships, man, you nailed it is the biggest selling tool in the history of the world is trust. I will spend more money on a trustworthy source than I will on an untrustworthy source. Now, certainly there are people who break that, but in the money we're talking about businesses, we're talking about, it's going to be a trust factor and you all being able to do what you can do and have case studies showcasing what you can do. You know, all that sales collateral. I mean, that's, that's huge guys. It's huge. So again, I'm not trying to flatter you or butter you out, but that's a big deal. You guys are a lot further down the line and you think you are. Cool. Thanks. Yeah, I think we have like a lot of experience and intuition and what we, and like, we have thoughts and we've done lots of market research and et cetera and the thing that we need is somebody with expertise to make sense of all of it and say, okay, you know, here are all the things that you've discussed. Here's all the information you have, like, here's how we're going to turn it into an actual strategy. Here's how we're going to execute the strategy and, you know, this, we're going to move these particular metrics and these are the timelines we're expecting to move them. You know, I think even just knowing, like, look, the, you know, nine months is an insanely fast turnaround for the size of clients that we're targeting. Like, that's good to know. You know, that's really fast guys, totally. So, it's like, but the other part is we had a really great relationship. We had a strong champion inside and by the time we arrived, they knew what they were looking for. And so we were able to get to that clarity and that timeline super fast. You know, so to a degree, it's a little bit on the salesman, but a little bit on the business too, because you can't sell somebody something they're not looking for. Yeah. You know, yeah, something we've been talking about is this kind of, what's the phrase, I was like, two steps sales approach or something like that, where, you know, first it's about finding your internal champion and convincing them, well, confirming with them that like, you know, we can genuinely help and kind of, you know, basically establishing that relationship. The department had with the pain point. Exactly. Yeah. And then from there, you know, you partner with your internal champion to make the case to whoever holds the purse strings. So, TFO probably maybe someone else. Yeah. Because every large organization has a, what they call acquisition or accounts payable or purchasing team. And by the time it gets the purchasing team, it needs to be so buttoned up. And that's my experience going through it for, you know, you'll have to, we'll have to have many conversations with that department head to get it to the right budget, to get it to the right spot, the right deliverables at the right time. And then by the time I get some purchasing team, they usually are like, yeah, okay, cool. You know, here's your check, but there's a lot of work in between there and sometimes you're a champion. It's their boss that is actually your champion. So then you want to be what we call a double threaded, not single threaded, right? You want to be able to get that boss into some meetings and get to know them to, if you can get their cell phone, your in great shape, right? Because then I can just text you and, you know, hey, have you thought about this? And then I was talking to Miles. One of the biggest things about sales too is a lot of people get all hyped up about pain points and everybody's talking about pain points, guys. One of the biggest things that you can also do is value ads. So it's not just that we're going to solve your pain point, but as we were looking at your website or we were looking at your system or we were looking at your process, we actually think you'll find value in this thing that we actually do. And it just comes with the package. It's just part of it. For one company, it was, it synthesized all of the customer's questions into a database that they knew exactly what the customer was asking. Cool. And that all it did was it took those questions registered them into an Excel sheet and handed it over and it was gold because the marketing team knew, okay, 7,000 people asked the same question. We should pay attention to this. We clearly don't have it easily accessible on the website, which you can solve this customer and all we can start marketing toward that customer because I wondered if there's 7,000, maybe there's 17,000 or 70,000 out there that I think the same thing. It's a great example of a value ad. Cool. Yeah. And it's simple, right? It's simple. You guys are like, I can do that in my sleep. It's like watching the movie, the intern, the Google, you know, internship. Like, it's like, I could do that in my sleep on the bus ride home and he's like, oh, go to the limit. What you all can do is amazing. I still can't understand how smart some people are in these engineering tactics. Man, I, as a sales guy, I have all the on the world of you guys. I mean, back in the future, man, we've been thinking really hard about sales for a while now. And you know, like, we've done our damnedest and the conclusion we've come to is just like we got to find an expert. So like, mad respect to you as well in that regard. And I appreciate it. And Jeffrey. Yeah. I mean, that would be our hard goal would be to just, if everything's good with the all and we want to take that forward, man, our goal would be to step forward with you. We probably want to talk to all of you some more. That's okay. You know, just to get your brains maybe individually too, just to, just to hear what you're thinking, get your ideas. I want to spend a lot of time with miles. Just, you know, there's a lot of text messaging and stuff that will happen at nine o'clock at night when you're laying in bed thinking about it. You know, that's okay. Like that's kind of part of the price tags a little higher. We're kind of open and available. Obviously when it's bedtime for my three kids, I won't answer it, but I'll always try to text back either that night or early in the morning. You know, like, that's what Jeffrey and I do is we love taking on hard problems and trying to help you solve them. The three things you listed, we'd love to attend conferences with you. That'd be great. A little bit of, you know, if we can get the dates out there, which I already pulled from miles in November, that helps us and our scheduling needs and such. And we love to dig into, I love to dig into certain processes. I mean, finding holes and actually finding shortcuts is kind of key to the sales process. We don't want to, we don't want to create two, 30 or a rigid other process though, because if you go get a professional, they may pull in a process that's been proven for years for them. You know, I'm 36. I'm really, relatively young in my salesmen shift, right? There's guys out there or 40s that have been, they just crush. I mean, it's just, it's unbelievable what they can do in a network they bring. And that's kind of why we think we'd be targeting someone out there in their upper 30s, 40s kind of can hang with y'all. And at the same time, has a level of presence in those conferences that gives people just a call to the storm. And then you might, you know, we'll do our best to put together what that person might look like. And I've got some network that I can access and see. I'm going to call my old CEO and ask him what he would look for in his upfront one. So, you know, we'll see what we can, I don't know, shake out of the trees there, what fruit falls to the ground, you know, totally. Yeah. And kind of in that vein, something that we've been discussing is like a lot of people talk about, especially, you know, when you're looking at hiring an SDR, they talk about cold outreach. And I mean, I'm not dogmatic about the tools we use. So if cold outreach is the way then that's fine with me. But at a baseline, like I get a shed ton of cold outreach in my inbox every day and it's all annoying and irrelevant. And so I'm like, I don't want our business like, I don't want to be the business of annoying people. I want to be in the business of like genuinely helping people. And so I'm curious to hear what are your thoughts on cold outreach versus like, we, a direction that we've explored some of the past and are, have been interested in is like content marketing, but content marketing where you're specifically involved in like certain online communities and build trust and reputation, like work to build it in a particular community. You know, and then obviously there's like the conference route and some others. So I'm just curious to hear like, what are your thoughts on cold outreach versus some of the alternatives? Yeah, I hate cold outreach. My dad is a, my dad is high level in the business. He works at he's been there for 25, 30 years. He just deletes him. You know, like cold outreach is exactly that. It's ice cold. You'd be better off spending marketing dollars and you'd be better off spending confidence dollars because putting you guys in front of people is people don't buy the product. They buy you, you know, you're not buying, you're not buying a consulting services. You're buying us. You're paying for our time and what you're, you know, the trust factor is we're going to try our best to come in and deliver, you know, on the things that we're trying to get after for you all to set you up for a win. Like that's all that's what we're doing, right? Even if I was your sales guy, this was a different combo and you're like, can you should be the full-time guy? It would be a conversation if you're buying my time and my time is going to go to trying to network people to get to the right person to set that band up to get us to the right opportunity. And, you know, none of that is cold calling and I think cold calling is a death right now. I think it's like I don't even know, like at one point at work to now, I just think people are, everybody's throwing out an AI generated cold email and it's just sucks. It's just not cool. But what I need people at conferences or I call up a buddy of mine that I met who's the, I got a friend of mine, he's at the top of Costco and we were just about to do a deal before I step away from normal and, you know, I said, look man, you need this and he was like, I believe you, let's get going on it and he's like, alright, let's go. You know what I'm saying? Let's need go. That's the kind of stuff you want to get to because you kind of engage the thing about conferences is if you're going to pick three conferences to do, go to the same three to three years. You know, it's the long game. It's the driver in your bag. It's not the putter, right? You're trying to get out there and get as far out there as you can because it takes time to build trust and it takes time for people to see the need. One of the first times someone meets you as a company, they're going to ask you, what do you do? And they might even want to meet with you on a digital channel and say, hey show it to my teammates, you know, and then they go back and they start talking about it. Right, y'all are ready to go because this is 100% of what you do. Just is like 2% of what they do. Right? So they go talk about it and it pushes or we didn't get to it this meeting and blah blah blah blah blah and all that stuff happens. Then they eventually come around two years from now and we, you know, we closed the book on them because they were responding to our emails and they're like, hey, we're ready to go. We're like, wait, what happened? You know, but it's all because they see you at the second one and they're like, man, I've got this use case, I can't figure out now we're starting to talk about the use case. How much was something like that cost? Now we're talking about the...  budget, oh do you, I need, I need someone to make that decision before we go forward because I'm not going to spend my engineers on that. You know, I'm not going to spin up my guys, and girls, girls can be engineers too. I'm not going to spin up my team and get them rolling unless this is actionable because they're doing good work for other clients. Oh, you're right, right. Let me go find a budget. Let me go find, and that's how the salesperson goes. So by the time you all enter the scene, you should be down the line in your process far enough that you're, you're actively helping close the sale with the solution, right? You're answering the end and the T or in the being the A or what takes forever. That's kind of how my brain sees that process. And what you're hiring for is you're hiring for somebody that can do the B and the A as fast as they can. Right. Yeah, that's my friend. And I think some people hold that B until the late, the late hour and that, that, that is frustrating. Super annoying. It's like, okay, we're all the way here. Let's sign the paper. They're like, oh, it's 10% of what you say it costs. Okay, great. Never mind. Back out. Right. I'll go retreat. You know, yeah, that's a nice friend work. And I think that that's being a, basically, been the challenge for us. Like, and then T are so sorry. And his need is time bound. Right. Yeah, I think like, once we get in the room with someone who has a genuine need, like, it's pretty easy for us to map out that need and like, tell them, like, definitively, if that's something we can help with. And so the biggest challenge is just getting in the room with the right people. Yeah. Yeah. And I mean, honestly, man, I had this, I had this engine. So you can build your company two different ways. You can build it in a silo department where it's engineers versus sales team and that sucks like it sucks. Please don't do that. You can also build it where it's sales team plus engineers. So I was told by my engineers at Noble, one in particular, he was my go to guy because he just loved the sales team. He just loved us. And he would come to me and I'd be like, hey, you know, can we do this? Can we do this? Can we do this? And he stopped me one time? It's about three months in. And he said, look at me. You know, it's like, I'm a screen or like, how do you want me to look at you? Like, we were all virtual, right? And he goes, we can do anything. That's like, you know, yeah, it goes, you give me a problem. We will solve it. The question is, can they afford it? And I said, okay, now I know what my job is, you know, so when you think about it like that, it's not just is there a need, but y'all are the solutions. So about time, someone's bringing you into the combo. It's solution time. You know, I think we can hear that based on what I know of our product because a good salesman's going to want to know some things about what you can do, right? What are our limits is what they'll ask. What can't you do? Is better than what can you do? Right. Someone wants to can't do because then I won't do those. But if you think you can do everything under that, I'll go sell that, right? And then, and then you all, the more sales you get, the more you streamline into what do you do best? And that's really what I heard my old say, you're after. Couple more reps and what you do best. Then you have a package sale and now you can go sell like crazy. And the same A.E. that can help you get there can help can sell that package like crazy. It's definitely what we're trying to get product-ized solution world. Yeah, just stamp and stamp and shit out. Systematized. Yep. At the end of the day, you guys are in the business of people though, you know, you're out there selling people's problems. And if you keep that at the top, people over product, you'll fly as a company. If it's all about product over people, people smell that and run away from it. You know, like I want people over product. If I'm working for somebody, I want it to be people over product. I might get on a sales call. They find out I'm a pastor and they might spill their guts and like confess their sins to me. Yeah. And that's a whole call. And we didn't even talk about the other stuff, but you know what we just did is we built trust. And I'm out here like, dude, that's the heavy little point you're talking to me, but we just met, you know, they're like, oh, but you're a pastor. Yeah, it's like, oh, my word. And then sometimes you get in there and they're like, hey, let's just get down to business. I got a busy day. Okay, sweet. This is the last seven minutes. Here's what I need. You know, cool. So now we can go with it. But it's all about the people, man. Totally. Yeah. And I think part of the reason we're interested in something that's more systematized, more productized is so that we can, so that this can be ground. We've trot before. And so we can know what's coming next. And so we can kind of guide our clients more effectively. Obviously that also opens up efficiencies on our end, which, you know, improves profits, stuff like that. But you know, it's like the ideas again that we're looking for when wins. And so, yeah, absolutely like certainly not looking to try and push, you know, push the same widget on everybody even if they don't need it. Right. Yeah, I mean, I'll tell you right now, just in my own world, my brother-in-law and I actually be invented a product that is designed for travel. So we're coming into the e-commerce space in the early 2025. But the job is appetizing to me. Just to let you know, I mean, it's enough. I have enough information personally to say, oh boy, if we weren't bringing a product to life, I would be all over this opportunity. And I think it's going to be appetizing to some other people out there as well. Some guys who are running gun and guys. Awesome. Just having me all in how chill you are. And, you know, like, there's very much so a collaborative spirit on the screen and like, you all are trying to do this together. I love that. I mean, we work out of my basement. My brother-in-law is over twice a week working out of my basement and trying to figure it out. You know, it's like, we love doing that stuff. So that's awesome. Yeah, we're very much a family. Did Miles tell you we used to be a band? Oh, my word. No. What the heck Miles? Yeah, so we've been working together for, well, since I came into the picture, I don't know, like 12 years now or maybe more. But some of the other, like Miles and Luca and Ian have been working together for probably 20 years. And yeah, we had like a, like a cyclroc synth pop band for a long time. And we basically all said, what do we need to do in order to, you know, make as much art as we want to make? And we all decided that basically, if we could all become like really good software engineers and work remotely, then we could go on tour all the time and do whatever we want. And now we're all just obsessed with running a, a eye business. So that's how we got here. I'd really like to try to guess who played what. Yeah. I can, I need three more conversations before I'm confident. We'll do a one month trek in and you can. I want to try. I want to try. I'm going to be a good little try. Cool. And then hopefully is actually a intro. I'm going to try to sneak those answers out. I'm going to try to sneak those answers out. One on one. So we like, oh, you ever played drums before? Sorry. I just cut you off miles like that. No problem. I was just going to say in an Aubrey's actually a really good game designer and is currently work shopping a tabletop RPG. He was at a Gencon this past year. So we have some surface area there as well. Game design, art, music, where our heads are very much in that sort of dreaming space. And that's, that's where we want, you know, the money that we made from AI to ultimately arrive at that school. And y'all are looking to hopefully get to a spot where you can sell. Is that, is that true? Or you guys want to run it forever? Or what are you thinking? Whether it's um, or we do an exit is TBD, I think. Because there's a world where like, just kind of having it be running in the background could be worth having just as a consistent income stream for a decade or something like that as opposed to exiting for 30 million or something. But TBD first we're going to get to five million in the next 12 to 24 months and see where we're at. That's great. Well said Miles. Yeah, I think we have five co-founders. So that changes the economic subnags a little bit. Sure. Yep. So as opposed to if you have like one or two co-founders where it's like, you know, you have to have five times as a bunch of money for it to be life changing in the same way. Yeah. Makes sense. A great deal. How to frame a customer acquisition channel be curious to hear you guys thoughts on. So as as you're a perfectly familiar, like from the workshop and probably before, one product, one customer acquisition channel, that whole thing until, you know, a million a month, right? So I'm trying to figure out from the sales world, the proper way to frame that because in my mind, there's like kind of three possibilities here, but maybe they all synergize. We could frame this person we're hiring like their network as essentially our customer acquisition channel. We could frame conferences as that vehicle or we could say require like a social media platform like a LinkedIn with instance in the context of Fortune 500 to be that customer acquisition platform. We're not as adapted to Lincoln, I would say, as we otherwise could be. So I'm some kind of what I'm wondering is, do we need to lean into that? Or is some combination of this person who were going to hire his network or conferences sufficient for our purposes until we get to say like three to five whales, you know, and then we can start expanding and be curious to hear what you guys think? Yeah, I should let Jeffrey speak, but I just like talking a lot. I think anybody worth Jeffery back me up on this, so this is true. Anybody who's a sales professional is coming with a LinkedIn network. So you can cross that off the list that's kind of built in. They're going to come with some sort of LinkedIn presence. I love conferences. They're expensive sometimes. If you want to get into the sponsorship stuff, which is where people start to see the logo and the name, they can cost some money. If you've got burnable cash, I mean, if you've got that opportunity, there's also marketing agencies that can get out there and put you in touch with people and that might be better use of that same cash. You spend 60,000 in two conferences or you spend 60,000 for six months of SEO and interviews with certain marketing agencies. But that's the marketing agency world for customer acquisition is a hit or miss because people tell you again, like I told my house people are salesmen. Salesmen sell you the mirror and they deliver you a moon pie. It's not the same as someone who says, hey, I think we can do this and what you end up getting is much more than what you bargained for. So just because they're more expensive doesn't mean they're better either. So there's all sorts of fun conversations that have in there. We feel pretty equipped to handle some of those conversations. But anybody you get in is a salesperson that they've been a professional for any sort of time. They're coming with some sort of LinkedIn network. So you've got their built-in network of people they've met and then you have their LinkedIn profile of people they've engaged with over the years, follow connections, conferences. And if you send those people out to conferences, it is always advantageous to have one of you there because your salesperson is the person that I'm the guy that walks up in a room.  and everybody starts noticing that I'm talking and regarious and I'm into it. But the real, it's like the real conversation happens when someone comes to me and says, can you guys do this? I said, you want it? I got Alex right here. Let me actually get Alex for you because you and Alex should go get coffee right now and talk about it or go get a beer right now and talk about it. Take your margarine, go sit down and let him explain to you all the ins and outs. You know, and that's your funnel because you're again. The solution is the engineers to create solutions. You know, your sales team creates opportunities, your engineers create solutions. And if you can tag team that and hand that for town off smoothly, like whatever that hand off is, that's where the trust between you and your sales team is so vital. I have seen little million dollar deals fall apart because engineers didn't trust me. When the client told me word for word, what they wanted and I brought it to my engineers, they said, I don't believe you. Wow. And I said, do you, there's one guy in particular? Yes. I won't say they have Jeff Nilsi. I was like, bro, you say that again and you and I are gonna have a real conversation because I'm now you're starting to tag my character like I'm lying to you. Why would I lie about that? It's millions of dollars. I stand to make the most money. I get a 10% cut on a million dollar. That's a hundred green. That's great money. Why would I lie about this? That's a whole thing. We gotta foster that. So we don't wanna go hire someone that just as good as sales. We wanna hire someone that sees you all, sees the hard work you've put into what you've done and the leverage is your skill set and the trust. If we can find the person that's trustworthy, you guys are gonna fly. Even the mediocre salesmen that you trust is better than the best salesmen you don't trust. So yeah, absolutely. I mean, we're an organization of five people so we really don't have room for somebody that we don't connect with and that we can't trust. Right. As someone who's circle back to something that Miles was saying about, how do you think about the acquisition outcome folks were advocating for one sales channel? I'm just curious to hear, how do you think about one? What is one in this context is, you know, it sounds like LinkedIn is maybe not but that's already taken care of. So, you know, is it the kind of situation where we think about, we call them watering holes, these online communities, is like one watering hole, our customer acquisition channel, or is it networking through like our biggest client that client and their network of like vendors and partners, that's our customer acquisition channel, or, you know, some, yeah, just how would you define one in this context? Yeah, it's a tough one in AI because nobody really knows what it is. You know, the people who are buying, they don't really understand what y'all do. They understand what they read in the news or what, you know, hot topic there is, but they don't really understand it. I think it's interesting, it's like when we're coming to the product company, you know, one sales channel, versus one marketing channel, you know, I agree with that. You focus your energy, but all of your sun rays on one spot, they don't heat up faster for sure. To me, it feels like networking is the biggest thing for y'all. So, you have, you know, you currently have Microsoft on the ropes. So, if you can go up in the end on Microsoft, while going up and out on other companies, you have basically a two-front sales approach to what could be, you know, so if you're looking for targeting companies like what you're doing now, so you keep with an up in the end with Microsoft, but you go target similar companies just like that. You know, your sales, you know, your sales strategy comes down to your sales person. At that point, that's like your channel, your channel is your sales person to a degree. Because this is not like it's not like you come or, you know, or like come to Shopify, that's my mark, that's my channel. I'm not gonna do Shopify Amazon and, you know, have four websites. I want you to come to one channel in order because I'm making controls for variables, but even then, if you start with Instagram, which eventually you get two million dollars of sales and then expand to all the channels and just go nuts, that's the scale for auction. So sure. Yeah, it seems like you're answered of my question a minute ago was that, tell me if I've got this correct, it feels like, so I threw out three different types of things, you know, LinkedIn versus like the network of the sales person versus conferences. It feels like your answer to what our one channel is, is we're actively trying to purchase that channel by via hiring this person and installing their network. Their network is represented on LinkedIn as well as sort of organically in person and then conferences are a way for that person to build on to that network. But ultimately, it's the network that's the channel and we're just greatly augmenting it with this person that we're hiring. And I think the only open question is, for me, if I've got that framing right, is to what extent do each of us contribute to that network, either via LinkedIn or otherwise? But it's that network, the sum of all of us plus this person, that's the actual channel to start with. Yeah, I mean, if y'all had a presence on LinkedIn, for example, if that seems to be the professional social media, if you had presence individually or if you had presence via your company. So if you wanted to put more emphasis on your company's presence, that could be a real big win for y'all, showcasing what y'all are working on, showcasing individual owners, telling a little bit of your story, but the reality is, it leverages your sales team to continue to go and acquire more vision. But again, marketing agencies will go all day on LinkedIn and most sales happen, most sales happen with someone that's a relationship or a referral. One of our other clients right now, he is a young guy, he does Frank films, this is company. He's a phenomenal, phenomenal, at commercial video production and everything. Like he's just unbelievable, he was like 24. And his kids eyes, like he'll be doing, he'll be doing super bowl commercial someday. Like no doubt, he's so good. And I kid you not, he's built his business to quite a high value and quite a high value all off referrals. This person works with him, fell in love with him, and referred him to four of their friends. He captured two of those. And right now all we're trying to do is, acquisition.com, you met Josh Miles. He was with, that's who I was with. So I was at acquisition with him, learning how his business, and he's got key man risk. You know, y'all don't have that, but he does. Cause he's right now is the only guy who does the shooting in his company. So we're trying to, okay, how can we eliminate key man risk by finding the right camera workers? And can we find a young guy who can learn from you? I said, kind of a guru, cause he's kind of like one of those, he's kind of like that. It was just unbelievable. He sees it so clearly, you know? Can we find a young guy to learn from you and eliminate key man risk that you don't actually have to go to every shoot? Because the referrals pay for like the quality is there. So I mean, to a degree, it's gonna be a lot of those. I think you guys will get a lot of referrals. I think he should have a vision for what's up and in it, Microsoft, should things land, and then have a vision for who like that, which I think he talks a little bit about Miles, who like that, you wanna go try to get. Then you try to figure out, okay, what conferences are those people at? How can I engage with them? And then you don't target them like a sleazy salesperson, you go and you sit with them, have a glass of wine in chat. And then eventually people ask, what do you do? Oh, I work for this company, Rain Sound, and this is what they do. They provide solutions in this way. Really? I've got a thing I need. Well, let's talk about it. That's how that works. So especially in AI, because it's an un-trusted source. People don't trust anything high of the product. They trust the person who's providing the solution, okay? Now, any other business like that, there are other business, it's not every business, but in AI specifically, man, people have not caught on and do not quite understand. I actually reminds me of a question I was meaning to ask. Something I've been running into a lot, you know, I've been doing like some interviews and just sort of reaching out to my network of folks who work at finance companies or enterprise companies or whatever. And I keep running into this thing, which is everybody wants AI, but nobody knows what it is or what to do with it. Have you guys run into that? And can you speak to that? Yeah, I mean, the people buying it, no, no, what it does. It's why they're calling you, you know what I'm saying? So there's two things. One is, be as clear as possible as what we can and cannot do. The more clear that is, the less gray and the more black and white, the more will win, will win deals. The second is, you know, education you are the experts. My assumption, if I'm talking to you, is that you have done the study and research to know what is and what isn't gonna work. And the biggest question I'd almost every Fortune 500 person's mind is one, will it hallucinate? Two, can I train it? And it will get me into some legal trouble, right? Because that's a big one. What are your boundaries? And then the third is, is there any PPI step that I got to really pay attention to that could really damage my company and my brand? And if we can solve those three things up front and we can get them at ease and showcase why you don't have to worry about hallucinations, you don't have to worry about PPI and you don't have to worry about, you know, any of those things going off the rail that's gonna put your legal team into a hissy, then you're gonna be much further than most AI companies. Cool, I'm like, yeah, I make sense. But you did on Alex, people don't know what they're looking at then. Also, like in terms of this referral stuff you're talking about, you know, I'm struggling to kind of see how this referral idea makes sense in the context of, you know, the whales that we're trying to target. Are we talking about, you know, if we're interested in Microsoft Salesforce and Nvidia, we're trying to get a referral, you know, from somebody who we made really happy at Microsoft, telling their friend and Nvidia that they need to work with us? I mean, that could be one way. I mean, the reality is we'll see that, we'll see that through the shaking the tree. You know, the referrals can come in so many different ways. So like, a lot of times I can sit there and be like, hey, what do you think about this? And like, I don't need it, but I got a buddy of mine who works over at Blank Blank, and they need that when we put you in touch. And then sales guys say, could you put me in touch? Yeah, you know, like, I don't, that's not free. I'm not, I'll chase down a rabbit trail. Let me see, you know, but a lot of times like those referrals can come from somebody that I've built trust with who has a friend who's struggling because these guys talk, they go to these conferences, they talk about what they're trying to solve for. And the frustrating thing about conferences, gentlemen, is that nobody's actually talking about solutions. They're just talking about what they've always done. And it's like, let's do it. Wasting three days here, learning what you've always done, it doesn't help me now. I got a question I got to do for tomorrow, you know. So I, someday I want to have a conference that's a, our consulting firm runs a conference on all solutions forward thoughts. Don't tell me what you've always done, hey, what do you got? I get solved that, let's do some solving, you know? I like it. People will come to that conference and they'll be like, honestly thank God.  Finally, you know, because that's what the that's what the church is, you know, church's solutions forward Even if you don't believe the solution is what it is. Mm-hmm. It's still part of the conversation Trying to bring a solution to a problem, you know, and if you break it down that way then it's easy to investigate And that's that's why gray salesmen usually come from the church You've ever noticed Yeah, that's I hadn't thought of it from that perspective, but I can see the connection Cool, yeah Yeah, an idea that just occurred on I think that something that we'd like to pursue is Like YouTube shorts or limbs as a primary like content strategy and my thought is that First of all frank films might actually be somebody we want to talk to because it'd be kind of core to film a limb and then have them like Do it up, you know and make it Come across really Catchy to somebody that we might speak to I'm wondering if we could get away with just that an email Like just totally do away with LinkedIn in our corner for example Have whatever person we're hiring Sort of be run point on that my only concern is that fortune 500 puts stock into LinkedIn potentially and maybe we'd need a presence there just to like You know just just so we exist and then they go and you know check our other authority authoritative sources just to To build their complete opinion That's my thought process right now is lots of shorts and Attempting to like operate an email as much as possible Curious if you guys haven't thought there Jeffrey is our marketing guru. So I'll I'll kick to him about YouTube and LinkedIn and even podcast for example Well Yeah, I think that shorts is definitely a good option and first up I appreciate you guys letting me be kind of be a sponge here. I'm here at the conversation. So yeah, we've over to all bi-ching up. It's great Yeah, LinkedIn is all about getting the eyes on it. You know you can do looms in the videos for sure but you just got to make sure people are seeing them. So that's the biggest struggle and an email to connect to you have and there's establishes great but Again with the cold outreach just an email with the video beyond somebody seen there so slim So it's really just making sure that connections already established But I think that is a great idea and even LinkedIn is gonna now is kind of over saturated You know Lincoln said LinkedIn sales now. We go to use to be great, but everyone's kind of on to it. It's just kind of spamming again so Again so much of it is just this relationship based in establishing that connection getting that you know then then start Kind of using the email marketing to somebody that you already know and they're gonna be opening a watch your content and kind of taking into their team and pass it on But I think definitely I mean people love shorts That's kind of the way to go or getting eyeballs on anything else putting your messages this little 15-20s I can video so so yes, but you just got to make sure you find a way to get eyeballs on it and is it reasonable to To place that on this person that we're talking about hiring We're essentially they already have people in their network. They can send the appropriate Short them they go out to a conference they continue to expand their network organically They meet more people to send the appropriate short to is that a reasonable expectation to kind of like let that be The top of the funnel for us that that person in their network as a starting point I Think so yeah because you know you talk about your values and type of first you're looking to hire Then that's gonna speak to them in the quality of their network. So we'll assume they've already established trust with people They've working in the past so they come on board if you guys have been new they're excited about and Consperate that message in for sure. I mean they'd be excited to run with something like that. That's just great collateral Cool awesome. Yeah, see that working very well. Yeah, dope very cool Yeah, I think it's a doubt. I think it's a double whammy Jeffrey. You got to have Presence of your page your company And your sales presence and those work hand-in-hand and especially when you're tagged in each other There's a lot that goes on in the algorithm when you start tagging us stuff can be really important to Yeah, if you get some momentum especially on LinkedIn with good interactions And yeah, just it'll just expand it so well real quick and just drive traffic to your channels Cool Definitely when when Well, there's only a few minutes left You guys have any more questions Just one what's the name of the band and are you on Spotify? Yeah Partials PAR TIALS Partials all right. Yeah, yeah check out the Time stands still EP if you want I sure will Clausoleil it was sick two miles. It stands up Any final thoughts or questions from you no nothing for me, okay? Cool, well, let's let's wrap up here and We'll kind of put our heads together and get back to y'all with thoughts on next steps Awesome Great and appreciate time. It's great work. Thank you for the time. Yeah. Yeah Great to meet you guys do you want to touch base next week perhaps? Just to give us the weekend to kind of think things through What would be a good time next week for you guys? Monday would be great for me. I think Jeffrey can make Monday my wife goes out of town Tuesday through Friday So I'm full-time daddy While working at the same time so I should be okay, but we're gonna we're gonna give the old college try Just Monday give you guys enough time is that enough time for y'all yeah, that's fine Perfect Yeah, like one PM on Monday perhaps what do you guys think? Good, so I'm good. Yeah, I'm awesome got my number if you need to text me anything feel free man Perfect. Yeah, you've been super responsive there, so really appreciate that Yeah, bedtime is the only time that I miss although Thursday nights my wife and I planted a church on Thursday nights So last night I was preaching when we were texting and so I you saw that two-hour gap. I was preaching Cool, yeah That's awesome. All right miles. I'm gonna drop you in right now It will hold that time and if you want if you need it great if you don't great we'll just keep moving forward so And I guess from there we can start talking about twice a week or whatever kind of rhythm we want to get into three times a week I don't know Kind of like establish the the flow does that sound good on Monday Yep, yeah, should you guys want to go forward? We can talk about payments structure we can talk about how we want to get all that done And then what that flow looks like cadence it ends up we say two to three But if y'all want to chat we we love talking to people we're not inside people so You know, we're we're doing a couple we're only doing two or three things right now because we want to limit ourselves So we're doing that on purpose. It's not because we can handle more but we have enough time to do this with you And right now is the right time because we have a little extra time just before things kick off so That's kind of where we're coming from but Yeah, oh Sorry, I know I know we're trying to wrap up four months. You mentioned that. I wanted to just bring that out. Well everybody's here Yeah, there's question about three or four months four months being if we go into January then Your aid in kind of getting whoever we hire up and rolling would probably make that process quicker. I just want to say that out loud Yeah, the only reason I think is because we're hitting we're gonna hit December on month three So you think Christmas time So even if an A decides to pull the trigger and hire with y'all they may not actually stop working until January Wherever they're at so if they have like a year in clothes or you know There's something right there on their fingertips that could be a high payout. They may not leave yet So I thought it would might be better for us to go toward that January You know again who knows what could happen you guys could hate us You know we could get in there. I'm like no way. Well, I'm totally cool if you want to leave January open and At that four month, but I think like we get into December 20th You're basically losing two weeks. Yeah Of time with any other A where we can still be kind of work with you But nobody's answering their emails in the corporate world for them So that could be a great time for us to really process who What and where if we have a good list of candidates for example Or how to launch your search and starting in January one or you know, I think if we don't I think we gotta try to launch it in December if we can Just because it gives people a month to look at it apply gives you time and then you know keeps the ball rolling If we can get to November that'd be great to you, but you said they've been Most people are just start looking for those jobs that Thanksgiving But they sit with their family and they eat food and then they got to go back to work on Friday Somebody's fight was gonna say I wish you had a different job and some person is gonna step on To wherever you posted it and maybe find it, you know, but there's still interviews take time That just that whole process takes time and you don't want to rush it It's all miles like we could stay with you until you hire someone to like we want to go month to month after December We can just try to stick with you as long as it takes to get someone in there. We can we can talk about that too, you know That's possible I guess now they get to interest. I want to see how flows But I would think January makes sense to me just in my brain with December hitting I just tell my brain works. Yeah Yeah, we'll have the vam workshop at the beginning of November We're trying to get our all of our business systems rough drafted by then we'll have the conference at the end of November kind of last sales for off of the year Then there's December kind of prepping for next year So timeline wise it makes sense to me that it like we'll just have one thing after the After the other in total are actually like pressing go on the hiring process So I think I think you're probably right about the timing of it. Yeah, my my My spider, you know senses say you probably will put your expectations at hiring by the end of quarter one So I'm just I mean you don't rush it. You don't want to rush it and you can go higher But we might find the perfect candidate and it's smooth, you know But I would just want to manage expectations because it you know, you don't want to get the wrong higher it costs more money in a cost You tie and that is the dead punch of a sales team Because you're gonna need someone in there for at least six months to a year just developing Just developing the hot leads to get you two cells Hopefully closing by quarter four next year Right like you said nine months is fast So if we get them by the end of quarter one, then we're talking about end of next year When things are really like flowing Yeah, so you could kind of be aware of how large those time scales are Did you a quicker? I mean mine was quick, you know Your guys' solution is a little more different and it's been more than you know, we were at the forefront of AI hitting the scene work AI happened on the scene for a while. So there's a little more trust in it You see you might have more opportunity as well. I've got some networks like my dad who works. He sets up call centers all over the country You know once I start figuring out what you guys do I probably want to introduce you to him and his tech team because they're always looking for solutions and if y'all customize them and I could be really good fit to get some cash flow So  Since 12, 24 months is the goal, then if we're at a point at the end of next year where there's just sales is taken care of and it's just like three or four clients all once, like they're so had a million, just a matter of actually making sure we have the delivery systems in place, so that would actually time just fine. Yeah, just thinking the same thing. And you all have runway, right? You have runway in your finances to get to those months. We're not going to be freaking out. We're looking about here. That's all we've worked the whole year to sort of establish and we've actually had one a relatively solid platform now, so we can think about all this stuff. So we're feeling pretty good there, but the sooner we can diversify and mitigate any kind of single-way-all rest the better. Yeah, and y'all are still selling, so don't check that off because it's not. Yeah, even when they get in there, y'all are still selling until that handoff is complete and that handoff get you know there's a little bit of learning curve that every sales we need and so just don't pull off the gas pedal yet in any way. Absolutely. Yeah, we just changed all the copy on the website last week and you know because I had a LinkedIn recruiter hit me up saying that he had some clients who were open to working with agencies which is super rare. I don't see that on LinkedIn very often. So we're trying to see what we can kind of drum up in the meantime for sure. Perfect. Yeah, I think our what we talked about most recently is just is if we can get tickets to it tonight then that's that's going to be where we've tried to do our next big push and in the meantime we have lots of sales materials to create and sort of infrastructure to build. So I don't know how possible it's going to be to be like in calls you know constantly with people in the next like month and a half but in my mind like if we're building the sales system that's still working on sales so yeah it's like the best next next thing we can do. But you were doing that just a care your opinion? Yeah I mean the best thing you can do is we're going to solidify your product which it sounds like with a custom build and you're still learning that and put that on the back burner because you'll get there. Build the processes. Do the best to at least get some guardrails for the highway because when you get a sales person in you know most sales people are probably more of that you know like 80D I guess is the right way to say it like they're kind of like squirrels you know like let's just chase everything well you want to be able to boundary them in. But don't worry about that and don't worry about that we want you to chase these so if you get these chase them down but if you get this don't worry about it you know it makes sense. Otherwise they're just burning energy and time it's better to I told you know it's better to have a sales guy sitting there waiting and trying to figure out how to get into a company and not actually doing anything than to have them talking to 10 people that they're gonna buy because it doesn't it doesn't actually it's just wasted time they could be trying to figure out how to break into you know sales force. Make sense. It looks like you know thinking thinking about the strategy to get in there. How do I get in there? What does that look like? And some guys live for that man some guys love that. So we need a lot of time by the way you get very generous going over here. I don't want to keep you too long ago. Yeah cool. Well yeah let me know if y'all come doing a consensus tonight text me and we'll crank it out on Monday and if y'all need the weekend take the weekend by all means. I hope you guys have a great weekend and I hope everybody's football team wins if you're into that. Georgia for a small hammer. Go Tigers. Big one. Big one. Yep baseball forever right now. We're literally on Detroit right now. Okay okay nice. It's right Tigers forever. All right Chance go get to work. Really good to meet you guys. Good to meet you guys. Good to meet you. Thank you. Take care. Happy to guys. you you you